# November Anecdotes

## Relieving myself on curation with Raindro, all the writing tools that are *not* Obsidian, and my future as a consigned authority on Social Web Consumption.

In the second paragraph of [this morning’s edition](https://www.getrevue.co/profile/themarkup/issues/inside-the-facebook-papers-824142) of *The Markup*’s weekly “Dispatches from the Editor-in-Chief,” Julie Angwin refers to “stumbling” upon “[an extremely helpful Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QYqmJsifBjf_xA23Ea7AdeMFyjGWaF_dvhi5EZdNUf4/mobilebasic)” of “all” media coverage on the subject in the newsletter’s second paragraph, and I experienced a distinct sense of disappointment in myself. It’s rooted in the image of that anonymous media nerd - whomever they are - slaving away on that document as I once did (though never *ever* on Google Docs, for as long as I live.) I’m speculating that the program, itself, was/is almost certainly the diffinitive bottleneck.

Among other minute digital media-associated subjects in This Post, I’d like to finally spend some time explaining my recent re-emphasis on “””leveraging””” the ultimate curatorial tool in existence, Raindrop, to (not so subtly, perhaps) integrate what I’ll call *extracurricular* curation with *The Psalms*.

<iframe style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 450px;" allowfullscreen frameborder="0" src="https://raindrop.io/davidblue/blessed-web-utilities-13380122/embed/sort=created&theme=auto"></iframe>

I [first mentioned the service](https://hyp.is/XV1WSDtuEey8NAvf3_YqnA/bilge.world/digital-excess) when I’d just begun trying it, last September. In the 408 days since, I have somehow managed to accrue just north of **sixty five thousand bookmarks** on my account. I’d love to tell you that I’ve legitimately been reading *that much* high quality work - enough to feel compelled to save over 150 hyperlinks per day. However, the vast majority of that volume are imports from a variety of other services containing some content that has been likewise passed down from as long ago as 2009. Though I always intended to get around to reviewing Raindrop eventually, but realized I do not know a single non media professional other than myself for whom it’d make much sense to use regularly. I’m pretty burnnt out on how tos at the moment (which is pretty pitiful, actually,) so there’s not all that much to say. Simply put, it is by far the most powerful curatorial tool for the web I have ever known, and I’ve known far too many. 
